# Evaluation

Upon finalizing this major project, we can see its entirety to be able to adequately become a medical appointment system. This system will allow patients to schedule an appointment on the Patient Portal whilst having restraints. The patient is given all available options for appointments based on their one condition selection. Once the patient selects the time and date, their name, illness, desired time/date will be logged in as data into the system. If there is no doctor available (whether that is due to lack of appointment space or no doctor available pertaining to that specialty) for the patient’s selected condition, there will be no options listed on the portal. If a patient desires to cancel an appointment, they will have to log into the Patient Portal to do so. Any appointments unscheduled by a patient or canceled appointments on the same day will not accept any fill-in slots.

> During sprint 1, the team were to begin with making necessary assumptions. Such decisions that were necessary were to write down which aspects should not be included in the system. For example, no insurance eligibility check as this would make the project more complex to execute with the limited timeframe. Additionally, the organization section of sprint 1 allowed for the creation of the Patient Portal, which is the user interface for both patients and doctors to access. The group proceeded with requirements engineering, system modeling of diagrams with the aid of utilizing LucidCharts, and architectural design. This was the beginning of brainstorming on how our project should peerform and what constraints there were. Throughout this process, there were many changes with how we decided to proceed with requirements engineering with functional and non-functional as each assumption was a chain. The architectural design was a layered design to illustrate how information should be relayed from the databases as the lowest layer.

> Sprint 2 was constructed based on sprint 1. The database layout was modeled in the documentation to aid the team members in sectioning off the code and the organization aspect. Specification, design & implementation, software testing meant executing the coding process and ensuring it passed necessary test scenarios. This was only feasible because we outlined the system extensively in sprint 1. The team can agree that sprint 1 was a crucial aspect as the team had conversations and to deliberate which requirements were necessary to proceed with that can either negatively or positively affect the process of sprint 2.

>For sprint 3, the team’s focal point was to refine the system and the management of the team. The team expressed dependable attributes and project management in which displays a Gantt Chart. Additionally, at least one concept from advanced SWE topics was included and the group chose to use software reuse.

> All in all, the group was highly satisfied with the outcome of this project. This successful execution was based on the team’s equal amount of contribution and work ethic that allowed for a fully functional medical appointment system.
